Beijing, I eat. I went to the hospital because my hand was injured.
Come on, driver. My dear, how did I get to the hospital?
I am the parent god sending you, and you are Shanghai Middle School. Let’s discuss it carefully. I know it's okay
do you know
Go from you to righteousness
My parents have always been concerned with the economy.
Only then do you know how to make your temperament accurate. Thank you.
You know you can’t take pictures of your parents
Don't talk about it in this section.
I really don't know
What is so good about this parent god?
You are like this in this paragraph
Actually I've been waiting for you. Thank you.
I want to see you again
What is your heart and what should you do?